Yeah, you were standing next to MacArthur at a
parade at West Point. Yeah, shoulder to shoulder,
and he's no taller than I am. He's not as tall. I'm
5'10 1â„2". He's probably about the same. I'm going
by his shoulder. And I was really surprised
because he, of course, he's old, was then, but he's
dead now. And one, as you get old, kind of, you know,
you just don't look as robust and kind of stoop
maybe to the shoulders, but... I always thought,
because all of his pictures, he controlled that.
You could do that in World War II, that he would
never take a picture next to someone that he was
considerable shorter than. And he'd always have
the pictures taken at a lower angle.
But he was a brilliant, particular writer. but not
quite the total individual either. So in your
opinion, Marshall would be the finest later in the
war. He even agreed to or wanted, you know,
Churchill wanted him to take Eisenhower's job or
to be that meaningful. But Marshall, of course
Roosevelt wanted to keep him in Washington, but
didn't discourage him, but Marshall just felt
that He could do more for the effort here. He had
already started, you know, and got all this going
support.
But Marshall, all through the years, not only
that, not only was he a leader, but he trained and
developed people.
If you look at some of these others, by that I mean he
groomed them. And he had a knack of He selected all
of our generals in World War II. Of course, he had
recommendations of others. But he knew all of
them. But mainly because of being such a
statesman, Akers sort of proves to me that he had
qualities and a depth of character and
personality that you don't find in very many
people. He probably would have made a great
president, for example. Certainly much better
than Eisenhower. Oh, Eisenhower wasn't a bad one,
but I don't think history would judge him as being,
I think he's probably a mediocre one, which most of
them are. For sure. It isn't half the truth. Well,
let's finish up on the German campaign. Once you
got into Germany and once you crossed the Rhine,
got into Germany, how did you get along with the
German civilians? They were our enemies. Yeah,
and we weren't permitted to fraternize.
And I left on VE Day, so I hardly, I got along because
they cooperated very well. And the Burgermeister
had the town, if you told that Burgermeister that
to get this street cleared here. You know, they had
debris and so forth. Man, he'd have women and
children out there doing it. He didn't say, oh, but
there's no men. I just got women and children. Did
you liberate any of the concentration camps?
Unfortunately, yes. Which ones? I didn't think
there was any. Not one of the big ones, but this is a
journey. Just a minute, I think I've got my own
world. I have quite a few females that are... The
name is Landsberg, L-A-N-D-S-B-E-R-G. Yeah.
That's not the album I'm looking for, but that's
the information I'm looking for. And...
And those females there. Tell me about, yeah, tell
me, what was it like going into Landsberg?
Well, it's very similar to all these other
pictures you've seen of the larger ones with ovens
for burning. But they had what I would call chicken
cooks. They're low where a person can't stand and
kneel. Mm-hmm. And they would put those people in
there, and they would die. You'd think they're all
dead, but you look real close, and you could barely
see pulsation, you know, about like this in the
stomach. Nothing but skin and bones. And they had
some women, like the ones that you see there, that
the only thing I can figure that they fed them and
maintained them for sex purposes, because they
had a lot of women with them. perfectly normal
looking. And they were inside enclosure, but they
had freedom. But they had cars like you saw that
stacked with bodies, and the stench was just
terrible. They had some who were still skin and
bones that walked around but didn't know where
they were, couldn't talk.
What did you do for these people? There wasn't much
we could do. The division, I think, got the German
stuff, particularly in the villages around. They
brought in a whole fleet of doctors and
specialists. But there isn't much you can do for
those that are already in the past. It's just a hell
of a humane thing to get them out of their misery.
But they tried to sort through them just like you
would to find out those that are salvageable,
those that need immediate medical attention. But
except for those women, none of them were in good
condition. You didn't see any health of male
prisoners. It's just as if they were, which is
better to go ahead and use the oven and get rid of
them than to torture these people. Well, sure.
Starve them to death. And the Germans claimed they
knew nothing about it, but the stink, you could
smell it for miles. They must have known something
like that. Because they'd say, what is that bad
smell?
Plus, the Germans must have, the men that guarded
the barracks, or guarded Landsberg, must have
gone into town
sometime. But the civilians... They just said
that they didn't know anything about it. Yeah, I
have to admit, this was a way. You could see
Landsberg from where this camp was, but it wasn't
right in the outskirts. It was a distance, but I
don't see any keeping smelling that.
Then we had trouble after, once again, those poor
individuals that could walk. Of course, they all
wanted to leave. Go wandering out to the
community, and you couldn't have that. Those you
had to try to get to a hospital. So you had to keep
almost them under guard, which that was even
pitiful. After finally getting freedom, still
keep them under guard. Just for reference, we
should cite this book, The Pictorial History of
the 36th Texas Infantry Division. Who wrote this?
Published in Austin, Texas. Edited by Staff
Sergeant Richard A. Huff, H-U-F-F. Yeah, that was
done as an
official, you know, it wasn't any group work,
though. That was an active duty type of thing. And
we should have this in a footnote.
That's a nice book.
Now, you continued on. And at this time, you
caught, not you, but you caught Gehring, Herman
Gehring. Tell me about that. He has pictures in the
back. Right there. Well, I wasn't there when that
happened. Oh, you weren't? And von Rundstedt
surrendered. You weren't there either? No. Okay.
I left. This all happened after VE Day. Right, when
they were trying to get into it. And I left. Well, I
was in England, London on VE Day, so I left a day or
two before that. Okay. But that was a big flap about
this. Did you get into Austria? Did you get into
Austria? Into Brooklyn. Mm-hmm. Yeah, into
Brooklyn. Mm-hmm. In fact, we ended the war
just... They were going not too far from where we
left Italy to come back around. They had to go all
through France.
On the menu the day that they had him, they had fried
chicken. And they fed Goring the same meal that
everybody else had. But the press really jumped on
about entertaining this filthy Nazi. And of
course, they were treating him as a fellow
officer. He had no purpose or reason to treat him as
a convicted Nazi like a lay owner in a war trial. Of
course, they never got him jailed, but he
committed suicide. He was a prisoner.
And so you got into Austria. And at this time, did
you ever have any opportunity to meet any of the
Russians? No. You never met any Russians at all.
Was there any difference between how you were
treated by the German people and how you were
treated by the Austrians?
I really wasn't in Austria long enough. When you
left on VE Day, were you eager to go home or to the
Pacific, or what were your thoughts? Well, I was
eager to go home. But I knew that I was going to the
school to Command General Staff College to
prepare for really
the invasion of Japan. In fact, our course there
used the, it was classified, although it wasn't
identified what it was, because it didn't use the
Japanese home island by name. But it was really
taking General MacArthur's plan for the ground
invasion of the home of Japan. And after we had
finished, then we were prepared to go join General
MacArthur's staff or other staff.
What did you think of the command in General Staff
College? Oh, it was a six-month course in 1945? No,
this too was about three months. But it was still a
short war course. Yeah. Okay, what did you think
about that college? I thought it was very good
because I'd had all of the basic training, and I had
all of the World War II experience from a second
lieutenant to a... I was a regimental executive
officer at the end of the war, a lieutenant
colonel, regimental executive officer. And I
wanted to, of course, get the experience of the
command and stuff. Sure. Had you made up your mind
when you heard on VJ Day that the war was over, were
you convinced that you wanted to continue in the
service and complete the career?
Yeah. Did you ever think of any other alternative?
Maybe after five years, maybe you wanted to go back
to dairy husbandry or anything like that? Yeah,
well, as I said earlier, If I hadn't gotten a
regular commission, see, because that would have
meant, after all of this experience, I'm still a
young man. As I recall, I was only 28 years old,
seeing a lieutenant colonel. If I wasn't
qualified for a regular army commission, well, I
certainly didn't think I was qualified to stay on
in the reserve also. It was time to get. So I
planned, if I didn't get a regular commission, I'd
go back to A&M and probably a couple better
there. And during this time, of course, this is
rapid demobilization. America's army just
shrinks in 12, military shrinks in 12 million to a
million and a half in just a year and a half, and a
number of officers are losing ground as far as rank
because it was a temporary promotion. Did you go
from a lieutenant colonel down a grade?
We were very fortunate because Sweet Larson, who
later on became a Lieutenant General commanded
the Army out to Presidio, California. He was the
aid to the Chief of Staff. And Eisenhower had
indicated that for morale purposes,
we should move from temporary rank back to
permanent rank. Well, Swede Larson was the aid to
the I forgot who the chief of staff was. In fact,
some had already been moved from a colonel to a
lieutenant colonel. They thought at the time that
you'd lose your colonel, but you would become a
senior lieutenant colonel. But they found out by
law, after they'd already reduced that colonel,
he couldn't. He had to go way back to what he was as a
lieutenant colonel. And so that meant that He had
attained rank, most of them battlefield
promotions, like mine. He would be working for
someone who never got to be colonel, who maybe
hadn't even fought in World War II. He would be
junior to him. Well, old Swede Larson convinced
his boss that this is going to have a tremendous
effect on the Army, because it's going to affect
more people On the upper end, those whose morale is
enhanced or boosted because of the reduction of
the junior, although I can see their point. They
say, my gosh, this guy here went, in my case, from a
second lieutenant to a lieutenant colonel, and
quite a senior lieutenant colonel by that time, in
about two and a half years. Here, I've been in the
Army, they say, 20 years, 22, maybe even longer.
And I'm a lieutenant colonel. Why should I be
serving under this young guy the rest of my career?
It's not my fault, says he, that I was kept at
Leavenworth or somewhere like Major Orr I told you
about when he was at A&M. He was the prison officer
at Leavenworth because he was over age for combat.
Because combat has to be, as a young, I could never
pull it as a battalion commander if I hadn't been
young, up in those holes. So
you can see, in fact, the first time I saw him, while
I was a student at the Command and Staff College, I
ran across, he's a lieutenant colonel then. And he
looked at me and he said, Andrew, You're a
lieutenant colonel. And he looked at his own
shoulder. And I'm a lieutenant. You were a cadet
student in my class. Here you rank the same rank as
I am.
But fortunately, it didn't get down to me. A lot of
colonels were reduced to lieutenant colonels.
But they stopped after they found out was going to
have on those, because those were, some of them
were as young as I was, but they ended up awarding
the colonels. I almost was the colonels. I was a
regimental executive. I was going to be promoted
pretty soon to regimental commander.
And also had a lot of other morale to be young. At
Fort Benning, I was an instructor there. Right,
and that's where you went right after September
1945 and stayed there until 1948 at Fort Benning.
And you see, I was a 28-year-old lieutenant
colonel, and I rated because of rank, a big set of
quarters. On each side of me were officers. When I
was a lieutenant colonel, who much older in most
service, you know.
So some of them felt that some of us got promoted too
fast, too soon. Well, once again, the only reason
we got promoted fast, so soon, so quickly, was
because of the war. The survival of the fittest,
not the fittest, the luckiest. Yeah, that was a
very interesting assignment because I was in the
training management part. And that was part of the
general section. And what exactly is that? Well,
in the general section, which I remember, we had
leadership, map reading. Training management
was
methods of instruction, training to be an
instructor. We ran the course on all new
instructors had to take just about a week's
course.
Then we were graduating about
one OCS class a day. It was really this peak. Of
course, it cut back at the BJ day. But we still had
all of these in the pipeline. And so most of our load
was also candidate school.
And as soon as BJ day, did you immediately cut down?
Well, it gradually cut down to one every other day,
and then finally one a week, and then cut back on it.
But besides the methods of instruction, or how to
be an instructor and the technique of
instruction,
the management of Training in as an S3, for
example, how do you make out a training schedule?
How you should schedule certain subjects, those
which involve physical activity after lunch, for
example. And although they ought to say now you
shouldn't do that, you should have something
else. But you go to sleep after lunch,
particularly young guys that have been working
hard, that type of thing.
Training aids. the types, how do you make them and
how you use them, techniques and so on. That sounds
more educational than military. Yeah, it was a,
it was a, but very important on techniques on the
stage and the, you even got people who don't even,
just don't think they'll, they'll believe the
troops out in the sun or face in the sun. So the
instructor doesn't have to look in the sun. Here,
those poor devils got to sit there and stand. At
least you can see them where both of them have some
sun and no sun.
It was during this time that you attended glider
school. Why? Well, because we
were teaching not in ours, but out in yours. There
they taught us. how to load and lash gliders. You
know, we were still using them then. Sure,
absolutely. We used them in France. We would even
use dual tow with the C-47. And so, since we were
involved with that, we had their department
involved with us. We taught classes down there. I
just wanted to broaden myself and know about it.
Plus, you got glider badges. That's just
another... So it's partially ambitious, part
ego, part adventure, I guess.
During this time, right when you were about to
leave in 1948, President Truman
had an executive order, pronounced an executive
order, in which he integrated the armed services
and started to have all the units integrated in the
army. Do you remember that? What was your opinion
of that?
Well,
it was
It was inefficient, really, to have all black
units.
Not only was it inefficient for the military
structure,
but it contributed to a disciplinary
problem.
And it tended to highlight because you did have
this one with all those blacks together and so
forth that the blacks were troublemakers because
all you had to have one or two to get into trouble and
of course they said what's that damn black unit you
know again they can't trust them
so i thought that was a good step now there's one
thing that i don't think that the military should
be used for, and that's to solve social problems in
our society. Now, Truman made the military guinea
pigs on this, see? And it worked out fairly well. We
still had colored units and black units in the
Korea War. They
did better, for example. with white officers than
they did with black officers. Now, that doesn't
mean that the black officer is not as good as the
white officer. It just means that the blacks seem
to respond better to white officers because
they're one of us, and I'm a second-class citizen.
In other words, our prestigious stature will be
enhanced by having white officers. That was their
feeling. I'm told. I never served with one, but I
spent some time in Korea. And as a staff visit or an
observer, when I went to check on their cadets who
were in Korea and survived at that time.
And since then, it's just been proven. We've got so
many outstanding black officers, for example,
particularly the Air Force. I can't call his name
now, but he's really a top fighter pilot and
leader.
But we're facing the same thing now with using
females in the armed forces. We'll get to that
later. As far as the blacks are concerned, did you
ever, when you were in Europe in the campaign in
Europe, did you ever work with or alongside any
totally black units? No. Because most of them were
service units, water master, transportation.
And they were back in the supply areas. And I don't
remember ever seeing the black up in the area in the
forward position. Well, I've seen the truck
drivers, because we used a long haul, had a name for
it. Red Ball Express went all across France and
then Germany. A lot of those drivers were black. In
fact, many of them were, some of them. But no, I
never did have any.
Of course, I was raised with black. Some of my
friends, good friends in Caldwell were black. Of
course, they didn't go to school with us. We had
black schools. But that was so stupid and
inefficient to run two facilities. But it's
turned out it does. It's worked to the
disadvantage to the black, because the black
teachers have great difficulty here in Austin,
same way, to compete with white teachers and
coaches, you know, that sort of thing. And if
they've been discriminated against, it's just
that at least they appear not to be as well
qualified. So in Cowell, when they integrated the
school, they lost a bandmaster. They lost a coach.
They lost some teaching and administrative
people who were functioning on that because you
just didn't need them, which makes it so
inefficient, of course, to operate two systems.
You've got to have
management people. Were you happy when you got the
assignment to West Point? Oh,
yeah. Yeah. Because I wanted to be a cadet.
didn't make it, so I figured this would be the
second best thing. Of course, the cadets said,
this is the best thing. They said, did you get here?
You're up here for four years. Of course, it was a
assignment. It was three years. I've extended a
year. They said, here you are. You're going
through the same thing we are, and you're going
through as a lieutenant colonel, and we have to go
through as a cadet. Now, there's one thing that I
have often heard about the West Point. versus the
Aggie officers, and that is that some people have
charged that there is a sort of West Point
protective agency or whatever. And I was
wondering, is that what you found in your military
group? Just the opposite. Just the opposite. They
had to lean over backwards. Well, of course, I
admit that you have to... You can't goof off. I
mean, if you're a problem guy, of course, West
Point has nothing to do with that. I mean,
everybody certainly is. Thank you. Oh, yes, I
always heard that. Most of that is a sour grapes
type of thing. They call them the ring knockers.
Whenever they get together, the first thing they
do, and that's to let everybody know I'm a West
Pointer, you know, for the rest of them. So all of
the ring knockers can excuse themselves and go in
there. plot how they're going to run the army and
run the military. No. Just the opposite.
Besides the luck I keep preaching about, I have
been helped by West Point all through my career. I
mentioned about Denholm, for example, coming and
replacing the battalion commander Jones that was
captured. He taught me so much, and I often thought
that if I hadn't had the experience with him, if I'd
had Jones to continue on. Nothing I have means to
say derogatory against National Guard officers.
I was one myself. But some of those officers had
never been trained. Some of them, even up in New
York, it was a social club. They played polo, and it
was just like a... It's very difficult to get in. It
was a closed type of thing. You had others who, in
the community, they had been, for example, life
insurance business. So they weren't
professionals. They had solicited from all the
people they were commanding, and they weren't
about to offend them. They didn't like to
discipline anybody. A professional officer, a
regular army officer, if he's fair and if he has
duty in our country, he'd go to look at everybody
the same way. And then on came in, and I'd had more
experience than most of the National Guard
officers, because I'd been in the Army, the
regular Army unit, for a year. Plus, I'd had a
couple of summer camps, one summer camp before I
went on Thomas tonight, two weeks.
But I hadn't been to the basic school of competing
until as a National Guard officer. So everything
I'd learned, but I learned about morning report
and all the other things. a lot of management, such
as supply, mess, how to inventory things. So at
least I had some knowledge, but I still had a lot to
learn from Denholm. Now, Denholm ended up a major
general, but he was a real intellectual. He wasn't
a spit and polish guy. In fact, he even wore his
uniform kind of like most people would put their
trousers and their boots and blouses. Not
Denholm. He puts them in and crimps them. I don't
mean he didn't shine his brass and all that, but I
just meant that he wasn't like Captain Moses I
mentioned. You could just take his picture and put
it in a magazine and say, here's how a uniform
should be worn. What did you learn from Denholm?
The main thing I learned was standards.
If a soldier, for some reason or another, ran off
and left his rifle or radio, well, the trucking
officer said, well, this is combat. The guy said,
you know, people get killed, not dental. He called
in the guy and he says, where did you leave it? Oh,
what was the situation? Oh, gosh, they were firing
and that sort of thing. He says, all right, you're
going back and get it. Well, I can't do that. He
said, Art, you need a court martial there.
Government equipment costs the taxpayers a lot of
money. And you have a responsibility to safeguard
it. If you could get out safely, you could have
brought out your rifle or a radio. In this case, I
think it was a radio. And so he sent him back and got
it. He didn't get hurt. He came back with
equipment. And boy, the word spread all around
him. You better not leave it in the lake with that
guy. He'll send you back to get it. Of course, he was
doing that. He was a real leader. He knew it
impressive. Another thing, we had people who
would pitch their tent, and because they'd be too
lazy to use a tent peg and put it in, they would tie it
to a tree. And, of course, the wind blows a tree, and
it strikes a tent, and any fool knows that. With
Denholm, he would have them lined up, and if they
weren't lined up, we're talking about out of the
line now, see? But he knew that's Standards must be
established away from combat. And he was, and he
built that unit up morale. See, this is after the
Soleil-Colore
deal, you know. And they were feeling sorry for
themselves, those who survived. We had some who
made it out across, and they lost their friends,
you know. Boy, this is really tough. And he really
bucked them up. So he had standards. And he set the
example. Yet he was fair and he would listen, but he
expected you to do the same thing that he did. And
pretty soon you saw the unit. They just stood up a
little tall. You saw that they were. And this is
what makes you feel good as a commander. You'd be
marching down the road, and there are other units
there. Those units look just like us before
Denholm, and you'll hear the soldiers say, He
said, look at that area. How do they get by with
that? You know, they're the only ones that have
standards. Now they're comparing it. Before
then, they didn't know it. Well, everybody does
that. But see, once again, living above the level
of the common mass. So he worked with us, and they
responded to people that respected him at first.
They thought he was a West Pointer. You know,
that's who he's bred. Well, he's one of those. But
pretty soon, they... recognized that Denholm was
a leader. He had standards. He expected us. What he
was doing was for our own good. The mess improved,
because he supervised the mess. He'd come around.
There's a battalion commander. He goes, those
messes. And he knew what was on the daily menu. He
says, all right, let me see. You've got potatoes in
there. And of course, they were dehydrated
potatoes. And he'd go take a look at it. Of course,
it cooked and ruined them by adding so much water.
You know, it's not even tomato soup. It would be
some kind of a problem. And he found things, and he
knew how. He'd been to a cook's and baker's school.
And why he did it, it's like I went to glider school.
Not that he was ever going to be a cook or baker, but
he would be a better judge, apparently. And so he
knew about it. And he'd get the package out and say,
you're just not preparing this properly. And it
isn't fair to the men. I don't care about you, but
they're the ones that have to eat it. And I could go
on and on. And so the next time we went into combat,
we did much better and carried this work as high. We
didn't lose any equipment. We didn't leave
anybody on the so-called battlefield.
I know that people have criticized the Marines
because they'll go out and risk life more life to
save, try to save somebody that's needed. But it's
not the bodies in it count, it's just like the Aggie
spirit, it's the spirit of the thing. Knowing that
if I'm out there, somebody's going to come and get
me, or try their damnedest thing. So it really
helps the unit. So then after we came out of the line
again, we were surprised we were going training.
Oh, we're combat troops, you know, we don't train.
Oh, yes. We would have village training, see. So I
was out training, and this was good. It got their
mind off of all their problems, you know, the
family at home and the ones in law. And they used to
smoke and all the other things. They used to take
infantry coordination. And we got to be village
experts. And you don't have as many cases, because
everybody knows what they're doing. And it's a
team. It's just like a Dallas Cowboys working out
and working. So that's what I say. He was a real
leader, and he was fair. The next one was Paul D.
Adams, who retired now as a general.
Was he a West Point? Yeah. So he was a regimental
commander that replaced Martin, the one who was so
unhappy about everything. The one who met me at the
train and so forth. Paul D. Adams, same thing. Now,
I came to Paul D.M. I'd never known him before,
potentially.
And he was a regimental commander. And I was in
Denholm's battalion, see. But I knew what was
going on. I got to be Denholm's S3. In fact, I was his
S3 at the Rapido River. I wasn't the company
commander there.
I give you an example of the fairness of where the
Denholm and also Paul D. Adams contributed to my
success, at least by promoting
me. We had some officers coming from the United
States. Paul D. Adams' classmate was coming over.
He was in the . personnel pooh, particularly the
senior officers when they placed them. So he was
looking for a position, he wanted a battalion, of
course everybody did, was supposed to be a
battalion commander. And so he came to see Paul D.
Adams, and Paul D. Adams said, well, yeah, I'll
take you. But he says, I want you to know that you're
not coming as my classmate, you're coming to me as a
Lieutenant Colonel Replacement Battalion come
in and you're not going to get any favors from me. Oh
yes, he understood that and so he went off. So he
came and he took the battalion. Denholm went to
another job and he took Denholm's battalion. I
guess Denholm became executive officer to Paul
Neatom. Yeah, that was it. And he was a good guy. We
liked him. Everything's going along fine. He
didn't quite have the standards, and he was kind of
nervous a little bit. But we were in Italy, outside
of Rome, and I was up with the troops. We were
attacking. And Paul D. Adams came up there. He
said, right now I can't call the battalion
commander. He says, where are the, I called the
battalion commander. And he said, I said, well, I
don't know. He was here just a short time ago. He may
be back at the CP. I don't know. Why isn't he up here?
Here he's kind of chewing me out, you know, me and
the exec. In other words, he said, what the hell are
you doing up here with the exec? If anybody's back
at the CP, it ought to be the exec. And I said, well,
he was just up here. I thought I'd stay up here
because there's some German tanks up ahead up
here. He says, all right. So he left. And Later on, I
don't know where he went, but later on, he had both
of us as CP. I guess I came back then. Now, these are
very mature individuals. They're old. He's a
class of 30, 27, I believe. And he called me in, I
guess, as a witness, because it's a kind of poor
leadership technique. But he wanted me in there.
And he started chewing him out. He gave him hell.
The commander, the battalion commander, he
started chewing him out. Yeah, and so he reacted
by, of course, he was kind of relaxed, you know,
with an attempt. And he could see that old Paul Lee
was really mad, so he came to the attention and put
those heels together. And he said, you came here as
a battalion commander. I told you that you
wouldn't have any favoritism. I'm not going to
have a battalion commander that stays back in the
CP. while his unit is in attack, and certainly to
have the exec up there instead of you. At least
you've got an exec that will go up there and see
what's going on. And he tried to tell him that I was
just there and just left. He was trying to tell him
that he had a mission. He had a legitimate reason.
No need for both of us to be up there. And he
interrupted me and said, I don't want to hear an
excuse. I know what I saw, and I don't want to ever
see it again. Now, you understand that. I'm going
to give you one more chance. I'm going to relieve
you and save you back. Yes, sir. And he saluted
Boyle and marched him out.
So then we went into Southern France.
Meantime, Paul D. had moved me over to get me a 3rd
Battalion, not the 2nd that I'd been in all the
time. And we've already talked about that. Now,
he's got the second battalion. He happened to go in
down by that airstrip where the Germans were. And
he led the attack as a lieutenant colonel out in
front or with a two-lead company. And the machine
gun boy just got him from the shoulder all the way
down like that. He survived, no, but he's all shot
up. He can't walk in a wheelchair. And there's no
doubt in my mind that that chewing out by his
classmate caused him to take undue chances that he
shouldn't have taken and probably wouldn't have
taken if he hadn't got this. And so you don't find
that at all. You find just the opposite. See, here I
get praised and get promoted and given a
battalion. There's one West Pointer taken off
after another West Pointer. Yeah, and a
classmate, see? And I've seen many other, those
experiences that I've had.
In other words, they're so interested, they're
very interested in upholding the standards of
West Point. That's right. The real ones. And two, I
got promoted to general officer in these other 70s
or something. Wow. He's just amazed how many West
Point graduates never make general losses.
Retires currently.
And the chief of staff we've had, non-West Point,
that were selected by a West Point graduate.
So that doesn't give them it all. I found just the
option. I said, I could go on and on. So that's an
unjust allegation. Now, I'm sure that there are
examples. Sure, just like I was telling you about
the Spirit of Agon and going and buying tires from
Phoenix Data, there's some that would probably
give somebody a break there. But the real leaders
that we have, they're not about to ever, they're
bent over backwards the other way. Now my boss at
West Point, for example, was G, Ned G, West Point
Accord. There's only about three of us there that
weren't driving. Well, later on he got five. And he
has helped me through all my... He's the one who
made me the deputy head of the department or
whatever the hell they call it, assistant. He
asked for me for another year, extension, see,
four years, and gave me outstanding official
reports, as Denholm did and all the others did. And
nearly every commander I've had had been West
Point graduate that I worked for. Now what did you
teach when you were at West Point? Military
psychology and leadership? Leadership. I went to
Queens College for a while to take several courses
in psychology. Went
there and we had a newly organized department. We
had it once before. You know who organized it once
before and then they finally phased it out?
General MacArthur. Really? And then they phased
out. Then they decided to do it. See, they weren't
teaching a course in psychology, basic
psychology. And they felt truly so that that was a
void in the cadet's education. Because from then
on, it was all, of course, the other disciplines.
But there wasn't enough humanity. So.